Add info about how to customize BakeView instance. (#706)
cakephp/bake: docs/en/development.rst

  call. In the previous example, it would create a ``ExampleFooTest.php`` file.
* The **class type** will be the sub-namespace used that will lead to your
  file (relative to the app or the plugin you are baking into). In the previous
  example, it would create your test with the namespace ``App\Test\TestCase\Foo``.

Configuring the BakeView class
==============================

The bake commands use the ``BakeView`` class to render the templates. You can

> access it's instance by listening to the `Bake.initialize` event. For e.g. here's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access the instance by listening to the `Bake.initialize` event. For example, here's
```
